Available commands:
                        port x -- Where x is the new port hub is supposed to run on.
                        reg CID/online user nick -- Reg the new CID with no password ( by default) or the CID of the online user specified by nick.
                        ureg CID/online user nick -- Unregs the CID/user's CID from database.
                        listreg -- Lists the current registered CIDs
	        mass -- Broadcast message, can take extended params
                        kick -- Kicks out the user given by nick , add extra words for reason/Extended kick type kick for info
                        drop -- A kick with no reason or ban time, just drop/Extended drop type !drop for info
                        unban -- Unbans the specified, looking in CID/IP/nick order
                        banip -- Bans a given ip or the ip of the given online user
                        bancid -- Bans a given cid  or the cid of the given online user
                        bannick -- Bans a given nick, drops if nick online
                        history -- Lists the last history_lines from chat
                        cmdhistory -- Lists the last history_lines from given commands by logged users
                        info -- Lists some useful information about a user,ip or cid
                        hideme -- Toggles if you are hidden or not
                        password newpass -- Changes your current password, where newpass is the new password
                        mynick -- Changes your nick to new specified one
                        rename -- Renames the user given by nick to new nick given
                        usercount -- Info about the current user count.
                        topic newtopic -- Where newtopic is the new desired topic. Use just "topic" to delete current topic.
                        cfg -- The hub variables.
                        gui -- brings up the gui to server if available
                        stats -- Hub statistics.
                        about -- The program credits.
                        help -- This screen.
                        restart -- Restarts hub.
                        quit -- Shuts down hub.